after seeing a noise in the texture that then
let's say you have forbidden a texture not
open in a long time and well then
this decision I bring you and good too
so much to explain to them that I have the ip of the
hunger games' first place is physical and
of pro that is how it is in society and
well then of zp if they want to be the
steps has a person glasses that is, if not
they do not take for private for example by
paul ringo tell me personal and please
and he passed them on and well or if he does not stack only
space and that he took for good
we started moving this one leg would be
texture and good if you do not know how
install on a map bathrooms in my tutorial
installing íncipy maps and those
are all the pictures
we start with the pictures and these are
the pictures of the aliens
well obviously the online supports is
the texture that is you joists and 77 and
by ghana as you see you do not have the bus
fire as many other textures that is
everyone who is today I have about 64 x
64 and if you want to put it three fingers
the two will no longer have that bus with the
fire the point is that you will have the bus in
the cement
Well right now they do not have the cement but
if they do not change the 24 will have in the
cement and no longer on earth and as the
changed to 32 by your fingers so go to
time channel of a pro let them
tutorial in the description is to leave the
everything he did on how to throw the
resolution to textures
and well, in the redstone apparently
he also has drawings he had not noticed
and well, nothing else, these are
the basic things and this is a map of
textures so that they look more or less like
it is well good cicero posters the
very nice cake obviously like
You see that the guide is going a bit, I'm not going to
do because the series come these are
animals less than two years old cows
of the chickens well
missair pain is so
that is in our mission there is a bus
the eyes that are all the same when
you put one all look just like this
action terrifies you that I quite like
the one down to the bricks that
in the rack these would be the slaps
because we follow this body is the
great look at the network zone also has a
bug that I also think was fixed not
I'm sure civically attentive for 32
look at the call of all south great but
in three days by seller it looks a bit
more conciliatory but the truth is not so much
time here this is here is the middle
reactor
this because he made me in the rectum because
well this gives us more
Nothing is very beautiful in the
stairs pose gay double stone by
because to see the stairs in the
library dye ports
kilns two tanks the plants were going
now they are going to give the champions nothing else
they grow like caves because here he made me in
the cave
in the red and is also subtle
those two are made soups and well
basically I did not have much to do
because I do not have much time for
record then for her and good good
I have to make a cut and now I come back
because they know how to give them to me because I have
a 24 and well then here I will give the
example
German place and not the reverse of textures
much the truth nothing else are networks of
textures because they're going to keep made a
dozen is also made an investment and
also do the days I will be
bringing enough textures since I
I also made the facebook but from there
he returned to follow to make your voice to
success of facebook but rather had
success because at that time very few people
I knew that facebook had already left
per store
known that is, everyone was known
I wanted it to come out and nothing else and I saw
very few people and it's okay that it came out
Well that was all for today I hope
who liked two months and who sees more
My law videos that they liked and good
favorites if they think it deserves 30
moments subscribed this juan like all
me